good morning so today it is the 23rd of
July which is my sister's birthday and
we actually decided to wake up really
early this morning so that my sister
could open presents with my dad before
he left to work because my dad needs to
walk at about 5:30 so we woke up at 5:00
and then we even presents and then we
did go back to bed because we stayed up
till about half midnight last night I
woke up at half seven now it's half 9:00
so it's been quite a while and I decided
to make some french toast for everyone
but since everyone's still asleep
haven't eaten them yet they're just I
put my sister's in the fridge so what
I've just done is made this list on my
iPad well sorry the glare is awful and
these are foods it's kind of like a
shopping list for university so quite a
detailed list of things that I'd like to
have in when I'm at university so
obviously turned pumpkins and ground
cinnamon and cinnamon sticks Brown
seeded bread vegan butter coconut oil
banana oats peanut or almond butter
white onion olive oil basically
everything that I would eat and then
here is things for sometimes that I
don't necessarily eat that regularly but
things that I would quite like to
continue to eat for example that easy
and things so it's on hazelnut milk
popcorn chriskiss coconut flakes that
kind of thing
amazing
[Music]
I'm just gonna go and put my contacts in
and then we are off to Westfield say
Martha where are we oh yeah
[Music]
I got some can't see you it's
new and I did not realize they did
pumpkin-flavored thinks which of course
is my favorite I'm Justin clearcase and
I was just looking at the really lovely
sticky notes
I love the stickiness that they have in
paper tapes I'm thinking of getting some
that they're three pound fifty to four
pounds I'm not sure yet so I temporarily
split up from right now from my mom and
sister
I'm currently fun setting out food and
because I know that they've opened one
in my field and that's what I was most
excited about so if the maps on her act
it will be just up here and I think
see it but I'm not quite sure I'll take
you when I get back
[Music]
so I am currently and finally in Bowdoin
the storm West fail to be opened
recently and you don't actually stuck
down EPA yet and I usually get to join
you section my found two dresses which
I'm going to try on I don't think I'd be
able to get both but I'm gonna try them
on anyway and see if I like either of
them
make me think I prefer this one to the
other one because the other one didn't
quite right I don't like how they're cut
this is I'm not sure I don't think I
will get it cuz I'm 90% also I can be
really silly to actually see whether
they have any age 12 toweling shorts cuz
I really wanted to get it almost I was
in here and if they have them then I
might just try them on because age
twelve has fit in the past and I have
got age 12 shorts from here before it's
just embarrassing asking if I can have a
15-ton but if they're playing color then
you can't tell those kids anyway what
son likes to go to the shop so I'm
actually make to me
say
so I just went to going up some things
for the water fight that I'm having
tomorrow it's a friend say I were to be
Athena and I got a water pistol and then
the bunch of balloons which basically
self tie so they are in handy I got 200
of those and I also got these things
will defeat Burger world it's not very
strange but I'm gonna bring them when we
go glamping it might be good fun I was
gonna get the really big which is fine
but I got off cheap ass because I was at
your Hollywood game say
meeting my mom a sister in Poland which
is by Urban Outfitters but I can't
remember what either of them are well
just the hope that I find them soon
[Music]
so it's about half 647 and now Martha
and I are finished
and we're walking to a hospital to
prepare and our parents for dinner
[Music]
today I'm gonna stop over here so I
bought this t-shirt from camembert which
is a short-sleeved red and white red and
white striped up with all these papayas
on it and then I bought these jeans from
new look so then from Urban Outfitters
I bought this hat and I had the same hat
in blue but I unfortunately lost it
earlier this yeah and I have no idea how
it's gone so I got this one it was
originally fifteen pounds but I got it
for five pounds because it was in the
sale so then from pollen beragon I
purchased this rucksack and I love this
bag so much it's such a gorgeous color
and the shape of its really nice - it's
a really nice size then from the white
company I got this ginger scented candle
it smells amazing
and then I actually went the entertainer
to get some things for a wheelchair
fight that I'm having tomorrow with some
friends so I bought two of these bunch
of balloons and then I bought my dad
this water gun which is a storm glasses
typhoon twister because he really wanted
his own water gun my sister and I each
have one and he can never take part when
this guy to each other so I bought him a
wood gun today and this was actually on
sale and then the last thing I got it
sounds very silly it's something called
booger balls which sounds disgusting I
know but I thought that I could play
this with my cousins because it might be
a fun thing for since do and this was
only about two pounds so I do want to
try it I want to see what it's like it
looks kind of disgusting but we'll see
[Music]
and I